---
title: Chapter 2
---

The world swam in front of his eyes and his knees buckled. The car door flung open and out jumped a woman with bright red hair and deep green eyes. In the car still sat what Oliver assumed was her husband. "Oh my god. What have I done?! Help!" she screamed, "Help!". Oliver looked down and saw his limp body lying on the wet road. The front door of Oliver's house opened and his mother and father came into the street. "Please!" The woman cried "Call an ambulance". At first Oliver's parents were confused. Their eyes scanned the street to see what was wrong. Oliver's mother dropped to her knees and started to cry. Not small tears but tears which could fill up the ocean if the person crying dared to. Tears dribbled down her face which was as white as flour. "Don't worry." said his father. "We have Will after all. Oliver was... well he was a strange kid. Maybe this was for the best." Oliver felt a surge of anger flood through him. He was dead. And his Dad didn't care.

Oliver didn't believe in heaven. Of course there was nothing above the sky, except of course the universe. Oliver didn't even believe in ghosts. Oliver believed in one thing and one thing only: science. But there he was. Dead on the road. Yet he was still there and present in the moment, just not in his own body. He watched the scene play out in front of him. His mother weeping uncontrollably, his father comforting her and calling Will out to the doorstep, the red haired lady also crying and apologising a million times and finally the ambulance coming and rushing to the hospital. Oliver just stood there. Most people would be angry, crying or feeling scared but not Oliver. He rarely showed emotion and was just still. Was everything he had learnt from science and things he had learnt from halloween shows and religion class really getting mixed up? "What now?" he thought to himself. Oliver could feel eyes on him. Someone or something was staring right into him. But no one is supposed to be able to see the dead right?

The red haired lady's husband was staring at him. That's when Oliver realised that he hadn't gotten out of the car. In fact no one had even acknowledged that he existed. A faint glow grew around the young man. He raised an eyebrow and grinned. Instinct wasn't something that Oliver experienced like other people. But he felt it now. He turned, his feet squeaking on the wet road, and ran. He sped down the street and round the corner. Dead end. Oliver was struggling to breath. That man... he could see the dead.

Thoughts swirled around Oliver's head. What was happening? A shadow crept around the corner of the street, a figure following close behind. The man got closer and closer to Oliver until one of his icy fingers touched his shoulder. It felt almost unreal. Oliver lifted his head slowly and stared into the long, creepy grin which was plastered across the man's face. For the second time that day everything went black.